docs: document omp host-level fallback beneath tier routing (#475)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: skills/woostack-execute-overnight/SKILL.md

   is the `sweep-unavailable` outcome, not a refusal — see
   [Post-implementation review sweep](#post-implementation-review-sweep). Either way, **never**
   silently downgrade to a self-review.)

>    *Advisory (omp):* also check usage-exhaustion resilience — a second provider login or omp

Author: **Nit: Preflight names the wrong credential scope**

The new omp preflight says that a second provider login provides usage-exhaustion resilience, but the fallback behavior documented elsewhere in this same change rotates sibling credentials for the same provider. As written, an operator can read this as a login for any second provider being sufficient even when no cross-model fallback chain covers the selected tier model.

Fix: Replace `second provider login` with `second credential for the same provider` so the preflight matches omp's credential-rotation scope.

```suggestion
   *Advisory (omp):* also check usage-exhaustion resilience — a second credential for the same provider or omp
```

<sub>— <strong>MEDIUM · NIT</strong> · flagged by the <code>docs</code> agent</sub>

Author: Fixed in `0b33d8d`: narrowed the advisory to a second credential for the same provider.
